bpo-38303: Make audioop extension module PEP-384 compatible (#16497)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C API/2019-09-30-16-53-30.bpo-38303.YoIs0M.rst

> Update audioop extension module to conform to PEP-384

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update audioop extension module to use the stable ABI (PEP-384)
```

This is a bit of a pet peeve of mine: PEP numbers are only understandable to people who work with that particular PEP. The What's New document deserves better :)
